# Data collection (Java)

The data collection software has been developed in Java, mostly because this allowed us to take advantage of the Java library available on the DBLP web site (we used the DBLP XML file dated March 20, 2022).

## Collecting authors and their publications, and paper titles

### Class `ConferenceAuthorDataCollector.java`

The input of the `main` method of this class is the global conference acronym followed by a sequence of groups of six arguments, each specifying the type, the DBLP directory, the acronym, the first year, the last year, and the number of parts of each edition of the considered conference. Indeed, the typical address of the table of contents of the edition of a conference starts with the prefix `https://dblp.org/db/`, followed by the type of the conference publication. For example, the *ACM-SIGACT Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages* has been published as conference proceedings until the 2017 edition. Successively, it has been published as a journal (in particular, the *Proceedings of the ACM on Programming Languages* journal). Hence, until 2017 the type of this conference has been `conf`, while afterwards it has become `journals`. The address of the table of contents continues with the name of the DBLP directory containing the table of contents of the conference. This directory can change from one year to the other, mostly because of the joint editions with other conferences. For example, the 2014 edition of the *ACM/IEEE Symposium on Logic in Computer Science* has been a joint edition with the *Annual Conference for Computer Science Logic*. For this reason, the address of the table of contents of the former conference continues with `csl`, instead of with `lics`, as in the other editions. The address continues with the acronym of the conference concatenated with the year of the edition and, if multiple parts are present, the part number (separated by a dash). First note that the acronym of the conference can change: for example, the *International Symposium on Distributed Computing* was originally named *Workshop on Distributed Algorithms*. For this reason, its acronym has been `wdag` until the 1997 edition, and it became `disc` afterwards. Secondly, note that in many cases the year is indicated by the last two digits until the 1999 edition of a conference, and by the four digits afterwards (there are also cases in which these two different representations alternate in the period before 1999). Finally, the proceedings of some editions of a conference are split into two or more parts (for instance, this is true in the case of the *International Colloquium on Automata, Languages and Programming* whenever the edition was split into three tracks.
